ladies and gentlemen now it is time so
you heard him that's right it's time to
differ and I'm going to be showing you
how to make your own cut off shredded
denim shorts with spikes on them so
first you'll need some jeans and you
will need to cut them to the limp that
you want them to be i'm going to have
short shorts and you just want to take a
metal thing for the kitchen and start
praying the edges of the cuts and you
just want to do this and really rough up
the edges to get that frayed effect and
when it goes through the wash it will
fray even more and then I'm just taking
this greater from the kitchen and the
makeup palette and then you don't have
to use a makeup pehle ki you can use a
book or anything that sup has a hard
service and you just cut it and start
great Irion at the fabric just wearing
it away and distressing the fabric as
much as possible and this will create
this really worn away holes and this
distressed type of look
now I'm taking these spiky studs that i
got from ebay i'll leave the link in the
downbar you want to buy these and they
have screws to screw them on and cut in
a hole so that I can fit it through and
I'm just pushing my spike stud through
the hole
and then you just screw the back home to
the stud and just create any pattern you
want or your shorts with these studs and
it will give it a really edgy rakesh
look and you're done so I hope you
enjoyed this tutorial and like this
video if you liked it at by everyone